gh-106318: Add example for `str.endswith()` (#134523)
python/cpython: Doc/library/stdtypes.rst

   Return ``True`` if the string ends with the specified *suffix*, otherwise return
   ``False``.  *suffix* can also be a tuple of suffixes to look for.  With optional
   *start*, test beginning at that position.  With optional *end*, stop comparing

>    at that position. Use the *start* and *end* is equivalent to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   at that position. Using *start* and *end* is equivalent to
```
